SES 1.6.0 blog (#9)
endojs/hardenedjs.org: src/content/docs/blog/ses-1.6.0.md

  corresponding module descriptor.
  These modules are "pre-loaded" at time of construction.
- The `moduleMapHook` is a function that accepts a module specifier and may
  return a module descriptor if `import` or `importNow` cannot complete without
  it.
- The `importHookNowHook` accepts a module specifier and may return a module
  descriptor if `importNow` cannot complete without it.
- The `importHook` accepts a module specifier and may return a module
  descriptor or a promise for a module descriptor if `import` cannot complete
  without it.

With version 1.6.0, module descriptors can take most of the forms accepted by XS
and code should begin migrating to prefer those forms.

- Prior to version 1.6.0, a `StaticModuleRecord`, `ModuleSource`, virtual
  static module record, or virtual module source could be used in place of
  a module descriptor.
  These should now be boxed in a module descriptor with a `source` property.
  (Relatedly, we have renamed the `@endo/static-module-record` package to
  `@endo/module-source` to better reflect the direction of movement in the
  ECMAScript standardization process.)

  ```js
  // before:

>   import { StaticModuleRecord} from '@endo/static-module-record';

Reviewer: Formatting doesn't look quite right in this block and the next one. 
```suggestion
  import { StaticModuleRecord } from '@endo/static-module-record';
```

  const compartment = new Compartment(
    {},
    {
      'my-module-specifier': new StaticModuleRecord(`

>       export default 42;

Reviewer: Also here (indentation).

  });
  ```

  Module descriptors with the `source` key will construct a fresh instance
  of the source in this compartment.
  Module descriptors with the `namespace` key will link to a module instance in
  the designated compartment.

- Prior to version 1.6.0, a module descriptor with `record` property
  could be used to instantiate a module with a different `import.meta.url` than
  the associated module specifier.
  These descriptors should migrate to `namespace` module descriptors and
  must explicitly designate the `compartment` property if they previously
  relied on the default `compartment`.
  The default compartment for `namespace` and `source` descriptors is the
  "parent compartment": the compartment for which `Compartment` is
  the initial, intrinsic `compartment.globalThis.Compartment`.
  The default compartment for `record` descriptors is child compartment.

  ```js
  // before:
  const compartment = new Compartment(
    {},
    {
      'submodule/dependency': new StaticModuleRecord(`
        export default 42;
      `),
      dependant: {
        record: new StaticModuleRecord(`
          import meaning from 'dependency';
          export default meaning;
        `),

>         specifier: 'submodule/depenant',

Reviewer: typo?

      },
    },
    {
      resolveHook(importSpecifier, referrerSpecifier) {
        const path = referrerSpecifier.split('/');
        path.pop();
        path.push(...importSpecifier.split('/'));
        return path.join('/');
      },
    },
  );
  console.log(compartment.importNow('dependant').default); // 42
  ```

  ```js

>   // after

Reviewer: I'm not seeing a relevant difference between this block and its predecessor... what am I missing?

> rare for a compartment to be endowed with an `__options__` global.
> If such code exists, it will need to adopt the new form.

```js
const compartment = new Compartment({
  __options__: true,
  name: 'my-compartment',
  globals,
  modules,
});
```

In a future, major version, the `__options__` field will become vestigial and the
three-argument form will be an error.

```js
const compartment = new Compartment({
  name: 'my-compartment',
  globals,
  modules,
});
```

### `__noNamespaceBox__`

Likewise, the `import` method of compartments currently returns a promise
for an object with a `namespace` property, which is the namespace.
This differs from XS and the behavior of standard, dynamic `import`.

```js
const compartment = new Compartment({
  __options__: true,
  modules: {
    'my-module-specifier': {
      namespace: {default: 42},
    },
  }
});
// Note the destructuring of namespace:
const { namespace } = await compartment.import('my-module-specifier');
console.log(namespace.default); // 42
```

The `import` method should simply return a promise for the module namespace
object, just like dynamic `import` and XS.

> Version 1.6.0 introduces a `__noNamespaceBox__` option that makes the eventual
> correct behavior available today.

Author: ```suggestion
Version 1.6.0 introduces a `__noNamespaceBox__` option that makes the compatible and consistent behavior available today.
```
